What's up you guys? Welcome to the
imagination. I'm your host Emma and
today I'm absolutely honored to have
back on the show for a special joint
episode humanitarians, warriors of
injustice, systemic child abuse
whistleblowers and survivor advocates,
podcast regulars here on this show, my
dear friends and heroes to humanity, Dr.
Juliet Engel and Kevin Annit. As many of
you know by now, Juliet and Kevin stand
as towering figures in the fight for
justice and healing for survivors of
systemic abuse. Their lives interwoven
by a shared mission to expose hidden
atrocities and empower those silenced by
trauma. Both have faced personal and
professional trials, transforming their
own experiences of adversity into
powerful platforms for advocacy. Through
their courage, compassion, and
unrelenting dedication, they have become
beacons of hope, challenging
institutional corruption and amplifying
the voices of survivors worldwide. A
little recap about our guests and their
overlapping missions that we will be
discussing more about today. Born in
1949 into a family tied to CIA
operations, our first guest, Dr. Juliet
Engel, survived childhood trauma from MK
Ultra and Monarch mind control
programming. Escaping at 17, she became
a radiologist and professor at the
University of Washington. In 1990, she
founded the Mirammed Institute in Moscow
to improve health care. But her
discovery of a trafficking network in
Russian orphanages shifted her focus.
Co-founding the Angel Coalition in 1999.
She and her team rescued an estimated
70,000 survivors over a decade, facing
death threats and personal loss. Her
memoirs, Angels Over Moscow and Sparky:
Surviving Sex Magic, expose trafficking
and inspire survivors. Returning to the
US in 2009, Juliet's work with Our
Country, Our Children continues to
advocate for child protection, earning
her the University of Washington's
humanitarian award. Next, born in 1956
in Edmonton, Canada, our second guest,
Kevin Annit, a former United Church
minister, uncovered systemic abuse in
Canada's Indian residential schools in
the 1990s. His refusal to stay silent
led to his dismissal and personal
hardship. As co-founder of the
International Tribunal into Crimes of
Church and State, Kevin documented
genocide against indigenous children
through his documentary Unrepentant and
books like Murder by Decree. Facing
threats, he pursues global
accountability for trafficking and
institutional abuse. A Nobel Peace Prize
nominee, Kevin amplifies indigenous
survivors voices, challenging church and
state complicity. While Juliet and
Kevin's paths differ, Juliet's rooted in
personal survival of mind control and
trafficking, Kevin's in uncovering
institutional genocide, their advocacy
converges in a shared commitment to
exposing systemic abuse and empowering
survivors. Both have confronted powerful
institutions from intelligence agencies
to churches and governments, revealing
how these entities perpetuate cycles of
child and human exploitation.
Juliet's hands-on rescue efforts in
Russia complement Kevin's legal and
public advocacy in Canada, each tackling
different facets of the same global
issue, the trafficking and abuse of
vulnerable populations under the guise
of institutional authority. Their work
is unified by a compassionate approach
to survivors. Juliet's Angel Coalition
provided tangible escape routes,
offering safety and reparation, while
Kevin's tribunals and writings amplify
survivor stories, fostering healing
through truthtelling. Both recognized
multigenerational nature of trauma.
Juliet tracing her family's involvement
in intelligence operations. Kevin's
exposing the historical roots of
colonial abuse. Their courage in facing
personal danger, from Juliet's brushes
with Russian mafia to Kevin's ostracism,
underscores their shared belief that
silence enables abuse. Their personal
sacrifices fuel a unified mission,
dismantling oppression and fostering
healing. Through books, tribunals, and
grassroots efforts, they inspire hope,
urging communities to protect the
vulnerable and demand justice. A legacy
of hope and healing together. Juliet and
Kevin inspire a vision of a world where
survivors are heard and systems of
oppression are dismantled. Juliet's
story of rising from a fractured
childhood to saving thousands embodies
the transformative power of personal
healing. While Kevin's relentless
pursuit of justice challenges societies
to confront their pasts. Their
complimentary efforts form a powerful
call to action, urging individuals to
protect the vulnerable and demand
accountability. Through their books,
podcasts, and public speaking, Juliet
and Kevin continue to educate and
inspire, offering survivors tools for
healing and communities of blueprint for
change. Juliet's message of listening to
victims to uproot pedophilia and
trafficking, resonates with Kevin's
insistence on truth as the foundation
for justice. Their lives, marked by
sacrifice and resilience, remind us that
even in the face of overwhelming
darkness, compassion and courage can
light the way to a brighter future.
Before I finish introducing today's
guests, I have just a couple quick
reminders and updates for you guys. If
you'd like to get in contact with me, be
a guest on the show or share any
information privately with me, you can
email me at imagine a better
world2020@gmail.com
or standby survivors protonmail.com and
I'll get back to you as soon as I can.
After termination last year, my YouTube
channel is finally up to date, meaning
you can now watch weekly premieres on
there as well as Rumble. Come hang in
the chat with us and our amazing
community and moderators. And lastly,
all of my links to keep in touch are in
the show notes. Please connect with me
across all platforms if you're able to.
All the links to connect with today's
guests as well and to watch their
previous episodes on the show are also
in the show notes below. Thank you all
on the other side of the screen
wholeheartedly for helping to make the
Imagination the safest space on the
internet for survivor, advocate,
educator, and whistleblower disclosures.
Your support means the absolute world to
me and to every guest on the show. So
you guys, without further ado, please
help me in welcoming today's guests of
honor, voices for the voiceless, walking
miracles, absolute warriors, fearless
purveyors of truth, and two incredible
advocates on a mission to expose and
stop systemic corruption and crimes
against humanity once and for all. The
one, the only, Dr. Julia Engel and Kevin
Annit. You guys, thank you so much for
being here with me today. What an honor
it is to have you both on the show at
the same time.
Oh, it's a real pleasure. Yeah,
I'm so happy to have this conversation.
It's neat seeing how a lot of these
stories overlap and how two sort of
separate missions can converge in such a
powerful way to where we can come
together and have a conversation about
it, you know, and give hope to people
through that experience that that people
like you have had for decades, you know,
and I thank you both from the bottom of
my heart for all that you've done. You
know, I've been doing this just for a
few years and it's so difficult and I've
thought about quitting a million times
and seeing warriors like you that have
just traversed and people like Kathy
O'Brien who have just kept going and
going and going despite everything
decades ago when people hardly even knew
about any of this just really inspires
me and keeps me going. So, I know I'm
not the only one that feels that way,
but I wanted to thank you both
personally um for all the work that
you've done.
Yeah. And thank you for the work that
you do, Emma. It's essential. It's an
honor. And so I wanted to start today um
you both have done incredible advocacy
work and you both have come from
somewhat, you know, Juliet on the
personal abuse side and you know, Kevin
starting this grassroots movement when
he had no one that believed in him and
nobody that was there to support him and
just kept going. I wanted to ask you
both to start, you know, what was that
moment when you knew that you needed to
take action and knew that sitting back
and watching what you knew and saw
wasn't an option for you anymore?
Because that's I think one of the
biggest problems that people have is is
that transition from caring about
something and wanting to take action and
then sitting there and contemplating all
the risks and all the things that could
go wrong. and I wanted to just hear your
your perspectives and hopefully it can
reach somebody on the other side of the
screen.
Well, it for me it as with Julia from
her life, I'm sure um we had to it was a
matter of survival. You know, our lives
were being ripped apart by something.
You have to fight it. You have to
resist. You have to understand what
you're facing. And in that sense, I
think in my life, um, somebody once
asked me, well, if the church hadn't
have come down on you to this degree,
would you have gotten into this?
Probably not. I mean, I don't think I
would have ethically stayed in the
church learning what I knew. But it was
only through the destruction of
everything I had that I began to really
understand at a gut level what we were
facing. And it wasn't an abstract issue
anymore. We had to fight, right? just
like the people I was working with. They
had to resist or their life was over. So
that's different than than um people
have the uh the leeway to choose whether
or not to be involved in something. I
had to be. So then that clarified a lot
and gave me the strength to keep going.
I don't know how it was with you,
Juliet, but that was definitely my
experience.
Well, well, looking back, I I had
completely forgotten my past. As
horrific as it was, I'd forgotten it.
And it it uh didn't start coming back to
me until I was 30 when my daughter was
born. And I I looked at this little
imitation of myself and had to remember,
you know, I was looking for the good
things that I could give her that came
from my childhood. And and what I got
was madness. And and uh but at that at
that point in my life, I had everything.
I was 30 years old. I was famous. I was
wealthy. I lived in the community that
was the Seattle up uh upand cominging uh
startup community. It's when Microsoft
was just coming up and I knew all those
people and Adobe and and uh
Costco was just starting, Amazon was
just starting. I mean, it was a very
it was a world that that was what where
I was accepted and this was where I was
supposed to go. But something pulled me
out of that when I started going into my
past and started deconstructing who I
was and and knew that I knew that this
world, the the appearance of all the
wealth and the freedom and the beauty
and the all of that wasn't real. And the
real world was this darker space place
that I had within me and all these
memories and and and I knew how
destructive it was and I knew how false
uh the world was around me. But anyway,
so so my choice was to go from the
perfect world
where I would right now be a
multi-billionaire
socialite
like like the people I don't like and
and and uh you know flow with that or
fight in the pits for what I knew was
right. So um I took the fight in the
pits and um been fighting ever since.
I don't regret it. I don't think I think
God pulled me pulled me there. Even
though I'd grown up like all the other
people in that tech startup crowd, I'd
grown up in the programs and the the
church of Satan and the worshiping the
um
the was the sexual revolution and and uh
absolute uh destruction of of moral
values and I mean it's not how they
lived and and uh it's not how the world
has has been molded by them since then.
But I mean, I was right I was right
there in that seed. I I could have gone
either way. So that that was my
decision. And absolutely everyone around
me thought I was completely insane for
walking away from from all that glitz,
glamour, wealth,
and and fame.
Uh but I couldn't do anything else. I
was called.
Yeah. It it struck me, you know, kind of
learning. I never thought this, but I
began to learn it. You know, they they
say your best teacher is a black eye
and which is true. Um, but I always
assume people were born with a
conscience, right? And I don't think
that's necessarily true. I think human
beings are very functional and our
beliefs and our morality is completely
relative depending on what, you know,
the what we're born into, how we're
raised and all that and the forces
around us, right? what we're swimming in
every day. But I do think that in the
course of losing and struggling on
behalf of people and forgetting rising
above that self- concern we're always
told is the meaning of your life, right?
Um you acquire a conscience but not
everybody can like I mean I think
people's character is different and not
everybody can do this fight. even if
they go through everything we went
through, even if they're aware of what's
going on and they're passionately
committed to it, they don't stay in it.
And it's only a a few unfortunately who
are able to endure in this fight. And
you know, I that goes against all my
kind of egalitarian impulses, right? To
want to believe that anybody can be
involved in this and raise themselves
up. But unfortunately, that doesn't seem
to be the case. And I guess a question I
had for all of us is like how how do we
endure in that and how do we not retreat
into just despair because of that
because our hope is always that these
things will change and that people will
force that change but
how many it takes I don't know they
often say what you need a critical mass
of two or 5% or something to change
things in society like the hundth monkey
thing but um I've stopped worrying being
concerned about that and just know that
I've got my piece I'm and keep doing it
and keep under trying to understand what
we're in and how we can be more
revealing of what is holding everyone
back, you know, because that to me is a
constant issue, right?
Yeah. and and there's uh society
increasingly so I think uh with with
television, movies, internet, all this
stuff, it's showing you a society that
you're supposed to want and you're
supposed to want the magic and the
sparkles and the and the glitz and the
glamour and the and the you know, you
should be able to change your sex and
change your looks and inject your skin
and get yourself a new butt and that
that's important.
and it's not important and and you need
to walk away from that. And and that's
the big lesson in the Bible, isn't it?
That that uh
you know, be true to yourself. Be still
and know that that the Lord is good and
that everything you need comes will come
to you from the Lord. You don't need to
be frantically
building palaces and and uh
accumulating wealth and gold. You're not
you're not going to be able to spend it.
And Ecclesiastes, everybody should read
Ecclesiastes
where it says, you know, whatever you
accumulate when you die, it just gets
spent goes on to somebody you probably
don't like and they spend it in a way
you don't want. It's so so uh you know,
we're not in control.
We're we're beings who should be acting
as stewards of the earth and stewards of
each other. War is is a disease. Um
greed is a disease. I I just heard uh I
love this this new singer Jesse Wells. I
don't know if you've heard him, but he's
he's just appeared on the internet. He
just sings these wonderful songs. And he
sang one on greed. And he said, "You
could fill a man with gold and you'll
still have room for greed.
And if we're all going like that, then
then uh nothing nothing positive is
going to come."
So uh we have to change
what we want. I don't know, Kevin.
I'm probably because I don't I don't
have a Christian background. You know, I
didn't I wasn't able to even read a
Bible until I was 60 years old. I still
can't read it. I have to listen to it.
And that's the programming. But um
the lessons are in there about uh
seeking things that aren't important and
and and thinking you need things that
you don't need and and uh not caring
about the things that are important.
Sermon on the mount.
Yes.
Yes. And the fact that that we do all
this struggling in our lives and don't
come up with anything new. I mean, I'm
not coming up with anything new. I'm
just discovering Ecclesiastes where it
was all written 5,000 years ago that
it's meaningless. Our struggles are
meaningless. The accumulation of wealth
is meaningless. Uh we're looking at the
wrong things.
Well, it's so unsatisfying, too. You
know, I often wondered people who My
brother is like this. Um I'm an
ostracized within my own family, of
course, except for my dad.
Um who like me was kind of a black
sheep, right? Um, but my brother is this
retired corporate executive in big
pharma. He was into boweapons and a
whole bit, right? We're like so
different and opposite. And when he
meets me, we haven't met in years, but
the last time we met, he had complete
disdain for me.
Like you're a loser, Kev, right? To put
all these other people before yourself
and to and to have ideals basically,
right? He said, "You got to be realist."
And I said, "Well, that's not the real
world, Bill." you know, that's your
world and you see it that way, but
you're not happy. Like I I remember
sitting and watching him and he looks so
aged like when you live a self-absorbed
life and you've done done a lot of bad
things, which he's done. Um
it it it uh disintegrates you from the
inside out. You're you're shrunk. And
you know, speaking of the Bible, there's
a really interesting passage in I think
it's in Joshua where God is continually
saying to his chosen people, you know,
you're turning away from me. You're
worshiping idols. You're betraying. And
it's just one betrayal after another.
People don't change, you know, and they
say they're going to be better, but then
they go back to the all the old evil,
right? And um God forgives them. But
then it says, and there's this really
interesting word in Hebrew called nepish
and means for your substance to
diminish,
for you for you to lose something of
yourself, right? And it's like God is
diminished by the evil of human beings.
And I thought, wow, like that's a living
God in the sense of he's part of us and
whatever we go through, we can diminish
to the point where we don't exist
anymore. And I think I saw that in my
brother. I see it in society like things
are like
diminishing morally. So there is no more
moral substance and anything I often
wonder about this when I when I go into
detail about the evidence I've learned
from the eyewitnesses and people who are
listening more and more they need the
most atrocious sounding horror story for
them to get moved by it. It's got to
become increasingly voyuristic and
bizarre and horrible for them to even
feel anything. I'm thinking what does
that indicate about us? Where are we
heading? Right? This is like our moral
fiber is being extinguished
exterminated. Like I see that
everywhere. And so to hold up that light
within ourselves is so important because
there's so many people out there who
know that and they're hungry for
something different but they don't find
the fiber within themselves yet to to
hold that up. So that's kind of what how
you see the deeper one of the deeper
purposes of what we're doing to kind of
save the soul of a people, right? And
it's not in our hands, but we have to
hold that light up at least to show them
a different the kind of different path
you're talking about, Julia, right?
Yeah. And MK Ultra programs were
specifically designed to diminish the
human soul to remove it. I mean, that
that's what they called it. They they
would put us through processes and if
you wanted the bling, you wanted to be
the president. I don't mean the
president, but you wanted to be like the
in the leadership, you wanted the the
glory, the name, the fame. you gave up
your soul. So that that old folk song
about uh meeting the devil at the
crossroads and giving up your soul for
fame, that's that's as true as any story
in the Bible. I mean, it's it's uh it's
what happened and it's happened so much.
And now it started with my group, my my
class who were the first into the Nazi
programs in in the early 50s. uh it's
increased steadily and so now we're on
to second and third generation of people
in these programs and the removal has
been the removal of the ability to think
logically which in those documents that
that uh Kevin I hope you got to see too
from uh the uh national security archive
where they outlined what their goals
were. Their goal was to get everybody on
drugs that made them think illogically.
And so, um, and the drug company behind
all this that was supplying all the LSD
to the CIA was Eli Liy. And Eli Liy
makes Prozac and Stimalta, which are
derivatives designed to they reduce
anxiety. Well, so does LSD,
but but
it removes your conscience.
Yeah. Eli Liy figures prominently early
on because the the Lily Foundation set
up a thing called the Fund for
theological education. So they funded a
lot of the church seminaries all over
North America. In return, the churches
would hand over children for drug
testing
going back, we're talking preWorld War
II, we're talking 20s and 30s, right? So
it was a natural transition from there
into this happened in a huge way not
just in Indian schools and orphanages
and like p all over the place it just
like you know it just went ballistic and
and so um that's what I'm I'm curious
about I had a question for you Juliet
about um I don't believe the soul is
individually based I think it's part of
much you know like in the grapes of
wrath Tom Jode says we're a big piece
that's the soul of everybody right
there's this higher mind and soul that
they can't ever touch. And I find people
who can naturally access that and who
don't have self- concern as much concern
for humanity. Um, in the Bible they're
called just souls. And in in the
Talmudic tradition, they say there's 36
just souls born in every generation. The
people who who are able to hold the pain
of God in humanity together and and
somehow redeem that, right? and they
say, "Well, Jesus was a just soul and
there's other people walking around like
him, right?" And and I occasionally meet
people like that and we resonate, you
know, just like we're all resonating
right now because we we get it without
even having to say it. We know
what we have to
live and die for, right? And fear isn't
an issue in a way, right? We just keep
going and people say, "How do you do
this?" Well, I don't know. I'm just
doing it, right? I'm not worried about
about the how. We just have to, right?
So I I think that's I don't know what um
what your experience has been with that
about um what allowed you to endure the
worst torture. Was it that inner thing
that doesn't really and shouldn't have a
name? You know, it just is or how do you
view all that?
I would always do this. It's this it's
it's in me through me up up inside me
this this core. and and uh I get
extremely anxious if I ever feel like
I've separated or or can't like grab it
and and and hold on when I'm when I'm on
that. It's like a laser going through
the top of my head, the bottom of my
feet and connects me all over the world.
So, so uh and that's what they were
trying to break in the MK Ultra program
and they often did and and the people
that you see in a high level office now
many of them I know were in the program
uh
it's broken and they they can't get
there. They're miserably unhappy.
They're trying to replace it with with
gold and wealth and comfort and and uh
all the the good things that were
offered. If you voluntarily broke it uh
during one of these horrific torture
sessions, I mean, you could make it
stop. I could make it stop at any time.
If I if I broke broke that cord and let
it go, I got the gold.
But I I couldn't I wouldn't. It was uh
more precious to me than anything. I
mean, and it wasn't I don't know. I
don't even feel like it was me. It was
um I don't feel like like this is me.
This when I'm doing the the uh the uh
when I when I am connected, I'm always
connected, but the connections happen
and they're very hard to put into words.
I don't think we have words for them. Do
you, Kevin?
No,
we don't.
No, I don't think there should be words.
Yeah. makes it very very difficult to
explain to people. But I think that if
you if you're in that light and you have
that that core, however it feels to you,
you have the ability to shine a light
for other people. And um that's what
we're going to do, I believe, with
with angels like Emma
and uh these podcasts are the gift from
God. I mean, we're able to reach people
all I'm hearing from people all over the
world. And Kevin, I know you're in
contact with people all over the world
and and so it's not just an American
thing. This is this is has nothing to do
with national borders and everything to
do with the human soul and God. And
that's what needs to needs to prevail.
Could I question too, Kevin? I'd love to
hear about what helps you enter in those
times of
wanting to quit and especially those
times when other people do quit. 99% of
people
um early on I did want to quit but some
something there was some spring
mechanism in me that would go boom no
you're not doing that right it just I
couldn't any more than I could cut my
own throat right I just couldn't and I
was always thinking as I would these
stories I have two daughters they were
little then right what would I think if
they were taken tortured thrown in the
ditch and left to die some more why
would I be any less outraged about that
happening to another child than my own.
I'm not. I still feel it. It's an
abomination, right? So why wouldn't I
carry on? I mean, it to me it's a simple
moral equation, right? It's not rocket
science. It's just anyone would do that.
And what Julia's talking about is
somehow that ability to act on what we
know is right is being cut. And I found
it interesting reading some of the um
research on drugs like chloromroine and
um you know like the early rape drugs
and everything that were gave rape drugs
where they would it would freeze
people's ability to to say no and and to
exercise will and act on your own
convictions. I know early on that was
kind of a focus of the mind control
research and I remember was it on your
show where I had the diagram that one of
the survivors had drawn of a skull and
then things inserted up through the
nostril into the midbrain area
um and this was at the anaminian
hospital where they were doing these
military and church funded experiments
right to kind of like in a labbotomy I
guess but detach this area from the uh
you know the midbrain an area that has
to do with conscience, the limbic
region, you know, that where you have
compassion and all the things that make
us human, they can separate so that
those don't exist in a in a in a
functional way for people anymore.
They're just walking robots. And I guess
that was the research aim of a lot of
this unculture stuff. But it's got that
other dimension too, that spiritual
dimension we're talking about.
um where these these crazy people
actually think they control
the soul and I like I can't get my mind
and heart around that how that would
even be possible. So I don't know. Well,
they wor they worked very very hard at
it. And I think that the uh the uh
Hadron Collider, the the um
massive accelerator in Geneva,
apparently there are they have them all
over the world that are generating uh
high-speed
proton accelerators, and the goal is to
create the God particle. They're trying
to produce a human soul that they can
control. So uh they're very very much
after the human soul and the soul is our
best defense and our greatest strength
and our connection to God is what makes
us human. So um
so we're facing we're facing a world
with diminished humanity
and and
largely be not it's not people's fault
necessarily. They've been uh stripped
down, drugged, vaccinated, uh poisoned,
um beaten nearly to death, um in many in
many ways, and then psychologically
traumatized constantly by the input of
television and and why, who's doing
this, you know, who benefits? Uh it's
really about the destruction of the
human being. And to do that, you have to
destroy the human soul. And obviously
it's not working because
well I would wonder
we're still here.
Yeah. What would these people know about
the soul in the first place? If they've
sacrificed their own, how are they going
to be able to create a soul? Like it
doesn't make any sense. And um it's like
one of the native women women I work
with early on, Harriet Nani, she said,
"I always knew these nuns and priests
were liars and didn't believe their own
words because if they really believed in
hell, how could they torture child to
death because they know they'd go to
hell. So they don't believe this stuff.
It's just to scare us and control us."
Just like when they talk about
controlling the soul, I don't think they
even know what they're talking about.
How can they even imagine this? Because
they've lost that part of themselves
connected to the soul, right? Um, and
it's like, you know what I think of? I
don't know if you've ever noticed the
way flies move that outdoors when you're
lying in nature. Okay, the flies are
kind of moving really randomly. There's
no order to it. They're just they tend
to be cyclical motions, but it's it's as
free as natural energy, right? The way
they move, but they fly in a room, in a
four cornered room, fly in right angles,
you see? So, they're reflecting the
energy of what they're in. And I think
we're like that, too. We're raised in a
corporate culture of right angle
thinking. We're going to all start doing
it. We don't even have to be
experimented on at a young age. We're
all going to reflect the environment
we're in. So, I say to people, get out
of the cities, get the children out back
into the earth. You know, what's that um
Schuman resonance of how many hertz?
7.82 or something. That's the natural
energy of the earth. You lie on the
earth for half an hour, as you know, and
you're doing fine. I mean, it's like
it's great, right? And yet it's hundreds
of times greater than that in the city,
let alone on their stupid iPad devices.
So it we can do so much to free
ourselves of this artificial web, right?
And I think that's the first step when
you say to people or they say to you,
what can I do? Say, well, change your
environment. First of all, turn off
everything. Right.
Yeah. Turn turn off everything. And yet
and yet this is what's going to this may
be we have to think about this. just
maybe the way that we actually are able
to save ourselves. So you've you've
always got the good and the bad
together. Uh and it's gotten extreme and
this is extreme being able to transmit
your consciousness over electronics
because some consciousness does go over
electronics. I mean it it it does
happen. But there but I think that in
the in the attempts to create a god
particle, these people have been
obsessing about becoming gods. I mean,
man as God, man as defeating God. I
mean, it goes back to to uh Genesis and
and the people that were building idols
and trying to be greater than God. Well,
they cannot create another human being
and and uh because they can't create a
soul. No one can create a soul. Only God
creates souls. So, uh they can destroy a
soul or can they? I don't think they
know. Um they've they've extracted
souls, damaged souls, separated people's
consciousness from their souls. That may
be what they've done.
Mhm.
Uh but uh I'm just a human. I'm not
going to understand all this.
I don't want to.
Yeah, good point.
I wanted to ask you both, you guys had
those moments of inspiration and knew
that you had to do something. Like I
said, there's a lot of people out there
that feel that same way, but don't take
that step. And there's so many excuses,
you know, and you guys had every single
excuse in the book. You guys had
families. You were in leadership
positions in your chosen careers. You
both had so much that was already on
your plate and yet you still decided to
do something about it. And I wanted to
see where you started for people who
don't, you know, I'm just one person. I
don't know what to do. I can't do all
this stuff. You know, I don't have a
team of people helping me. Well, neither
did you two. you both just had that
inspiration and that desire to act and I
wanted to see where you started and any
tips that you could give to somebody
who's struggling and contending with
that on the other side of the screen on
their couch and unable to move.
Well, compared to my experience, I mean,
I'm 76 years old. I've been at this for
a very long time. And you don't do it
all at once.
You do it day by day. You discover
things and create things. You don't take
one step. And that that's another
illusion that that is marketed in our
our corporate society. Go take a course,
you know, and one day and you'll learn
how to how to activate your soul. No, it
takes years and years and years and and
the process itself becomes your life and
and uh it's not a not a bad thing, but
it's different. So people are afraid of
differences, people are afraid of
change. Uh I don't like change but I do
it all the time. I'm uh but um
we have to change our beliefs and and
pretty soon this whole culture is going
to be all of western culture is falling.
This this uh facade of of uh
hypothecated banking system where we're
running on money we don't have and
haven't had for for 20 years. Everything
is is finance, debt finance, bond
markets are falling. All of that that
was based on material wealth is
crumbling right now and it's going to
fall. And when that falls, everybody's
is going to be uh looking around saying,
"Wow, everything I saved up for,
everything I devoted my life to, all the
wealth, all the clothes, all the cars,
it's it's of no importance anymore. it's
it's gone. Then people start looking for
something else. So uh in terms of my
changing my life, my shock was seeing my
baby daughter and realizing that I had
to change. I was not going to put this
child into that world. And but I had to
discover what that world was. And people
are going to people will do the same
thing. A lot of people will fall with
with the mountains of culture. That's
what they call it in the satanic Bible
that the world Satan rules the world
through seven mountains of culture.
And and uh I don't I don't know if
that's in the Christian Bible or not,
but it's in the satanic Bible. all all
the things that people value that are
false that that will crumble and fall
and the then they will have to seek the
truth and and uh it's that's where you
come across the truth makes you free
but it's not it's not pleasant. This
isn't going to be nice. This is going to
be a hard struggle. Life is hard and
anybody that promises easy living
through plastic surgery is like lying.
I don't know.
Yeah, it's so very true, Juliet, what
you're saying. It it doesn't happen
overnight and it's difficult for people
like us because you never want to go
back to your previous state of
ignorance. So, you're always want to go
further, but then we keep forgetting
that people are still way back there.
How do we bridge it? You know the mark
of a good teacher is to be able to
understand that and to put yourself in
the shoes of the people who don't have
your experience and understanding right
and it's hard there is no like I often
say to people there's no threeminut
sound bite on this I can't explain this
really it's a result of a life
experience um but that's why I wrote
things like the whistleblower manual
there's lessons I've learned that you
can pass on to avoid pitfalls but who
really trusts another person I mean we
don't even trust our own life and
experience. So why would they even
listen to people like us in a way?
That's what I find all the time. But
experience is the only teacher that's
going to teach them otherwise. It's just
that when people go through something,
denial is the first psychological
response, right, of something horrible.
Oh, I deny that. It can't be happening.
And so they're stay locked in. But the
only time it changes is when things fall
apart so much that they have to change.
Unfortunately, by that point, people
will look because they haven't outgrown
this childish need for a parental figure
or somebody to guide them. They look for
the demagogue. And I see that happen in
America now in a huge way. And it isn't
just about Trump and these other people
who come along who milk that, right? He
didn't create it. He just took advantage
of it. You know, the savior figure, you
know, who's going to lead you into the
promised land, but the problem is then
he can lead you out again, right? if you
put all your eggs in somebody else's
basket. And so in a way, um I don't I
think things are gonna get a lot worse
before people really understand, not
just wake up, but understand that
they're not only okay, fine, you're
awake, but you're still lying in bed
with the beast, right? And we got to get
away out of the bed and create something
new. That'll span generations. And some
of the work we do is to start forming
communities now even of just a few
people who are going to raise their
children in a different way. Equip them
for this battle. And it starts with
owning yourself. And that's that's the
book I wrote recently on the three forms
of personal, political, spiritual
sovereignty is is really essential
because you can't really do any of this
work unless you own yourself first. And
um that's the name of my uh in-laws,
some of my indigenous in-laws in
Winnipeg, central Canada. Then the matey
or the mixed blood people of that
region, native and European, they their
name for themselves is okawak, which
means the people who own themselves who
aren't owned by the world and it's well
what we would call satanic power.
And you know it's uh it's it's they it
starts there and it's a hard lesson for
people people to learn and and they
don't want to learn it right until they
have to. And then I think the things we
say now if we get circulated enough
people go okay yeah okay they were
saying this now I get it. So that's the
importance of us persisting and leaving
some kind of record, right, for the
coming generations and people Emma's age
who, you know, it's on your shoulders,
Emma, and people your age to carry this
on, right?
Yeah, I I agree. I I uh I think that the
response I mean I've been putting this
stuff out there for years now, but now
people are responding and I think it's
because uh there's a a growing sense of
fear or unease among people that this
isn't working for us that that uh
there's dark clouds coming, dark times
coming, and the tools that you buy at uh
Walmart aren't going to help Yeah. Um,
you need a new set of tools and and when
you now now when I came back from
Russia, this was in 202 2010. I came
back and discovered that the United I've
been gone basically for 20 years working
in focusing on Russia. And and when I
came back, the United States was a
different country than the one I'd left.
Either that I was perceiving it
completely differently. and and uh when
I left the church in the United States
had a big place in people's lives and I
came back it didn't and and uh it's like
more like spouting liberal memes and
this kind of thing um looking for uh
it's looking for the approval of the
population but at the lowest denominator
when it should be up there um you know
really sending lightning bolts into into
people's spiritual lives and and uh not
promising them that everything's going
to be easy. And and I think that's where
the whole idea of the what's it called
where everybody flies away. Um without
any pay rapture, right? No pain, no
death.
God wraps you in cotton and takes you to
heaven. Um I don't see that anywhere in
life or in the Bible. And and uh
No, it's not in the Bible. No, it's
ridiculous. And and people are terrified
of of pain, so afraid of pain that they
let the medical profession inflict all
kinds of pain on them.
So,
but I mean lately I've been getting so
many intelligent, thoughtful comments in
in the comments in response to my
broadcasts and what I'm saying that uh
that really gives me a lot of hope
because uh you know I I can't solve this
for people. I can share my experience. I
can share what I thought, what I've
seen, what I've done, but this is going
to go on to the next generation. So, you
know,
Emma, to you.
Yes. And it's the work that that you two
and others have done over these decades
is so invaluable because things like the
podcast that I started and other people
being aware of this, it wouldn't even be
in the in the consciousness of people
today. It would just be buried like how
it was decades ago, you know. And so
even though it's this slow crawl for
this snowball to start rolling, you
know, your work slowly has been breaking
through to people, lifting that veil off
their eyes and helping them tune into
that unease that I think we just ignore
because we're so used to being told to
sort of obey. You know, we're trained in
school to turn off that critical thought
like both of you were talking about
earlier, to be fearful, to to be to be
afraid of being judged by other people
and not stepping outside of your box.
And so, being able to feel confident
with listening to our intuition and
seeing people that have done that and
saying, "Oh, I guess the world doesn't
feel right. I've just been ignoring it.
You know, I felt like crap for so long.
It just felt normal to me. I didn't
realize that this wasn't normal for me
to be in fear all the time. for me to be
on a thousand pills, you know, and uh in
pain all the time and scared and
retreating into myself and not pursuing
the things that mean a lot to me. You
know, it means so much and it's given me
so much courage to do what I do. And I
know that the work that you two have
done has spawned so many other survivors
and victims and therapists and people
who do care to get up to do something
about it to speak out and to feel that
they too can can make some type of a
difference in the world. You know, I
think we just get caught in that. I'm
just one person. I can't do anything so
I'm not going to. And you two are proof
that one person can really change the
course of history and make a big dent in
the universe and in the world.
And it took a long time for us to get
here. You don't start at the
international level
speaking around the world. You you don't
start there. You start in your grocery
store and you say, "I don't want this
this genetically modified garbage in my
food anymore."
You know, you start in your community.
You start in a place that you know and
you fight. You know, if you if you uh
submit articles to local newspapers and
they get rejected, fight it. If the
school board wants to put horrible books
in your children's class and, you know,
they're being groomed, which is
happening all over my state. I've been
looking for um I'm I'm in the state of
Maryland and I'm looking for um uh a
neighbor approached me and her child is
obviously being groomed. So I started
looking for resources to help her. There
is nothing nothing. And and it's
shocking to me there was much more in
Russia than there is here. And and uh so
but you can activate from from one or
two people. You know, you you start you
start right where you are in your
community with something that you know
is wrong. And don't be intimidated.
Don't be pushed back. You'll find the
push back isn't as scary as as you're
led to believe it is.
You know, you see pictures, oh, SWAT
teams will come and rob your house. No,
they won't. You know, they might come uh
ask you some questions and then you have
a nice little interaction and that's it.
It's not as scary. That's that's not
where the scariness is. Uh the scariness
is in the is in the um in the
supernatural. Oh, no. I'm not going to
even go there because that's it's not
there either. Um, fear fear is your
worst enemy. Fear is the opposite of
love.
Yeah,
absolutely. And I wanted to ask you,
Juliet, um,
Kevin's mission converged with yours in
your work in Moscow. And I wanted to
make sure to bring that up on here
because it's it's like such a divine
thing that we're all here today and that
you two have connected, you know, but I
wanted I wanted to just bring that up
because it's neat how your work you two
didn't even know each other and Kevin's
work over the years was a big
inspiration for your work.
Yes, it was. I I was looking I was
working in Moscow. We we'd created uh a
coalition in multiple regions in Russia
and the former Soviet republics to take
on human trafficking and uh you know we
were up against some of the most
dangerous criminal groups in the world
and that's why we called ourselves the
angel coalition because it was like
having a roof in heaven protecting all
these tiny little organizations who are
fighting for their villages and fighting
for their kids very effectively. And um
I was aware of what what Kevin had been
doing with the indigenous children in
Canada and the whole idea of creating
tribunals
um to to uh citizens tribunals. In the
US they would be like uh citizens grand
juries but for Russia they worked great.
We created regional tribunals based on
on Kevin's work and and uh we were able
to get a lot of interest from uh they
were voluntary. They didn't have a an
official um law enforcement um
uh role or power to begin with. and and
uh but they would start uh creating
attention to places where human
trafficking was happening. We started
out with the tribunals being anonymous
and just under the name of the angel
coalition. So people would know there
was an angel coalition tribunal being
held in in Nishnovrad and that it was
going to name specific traffickers and
and and request that the local police
and prosecutors start start
investigating certain criminal
activities that we'd already
investigated. the citizens already knew
who these people were and what they were
doing and but there was no mechanism to
bring them to the the Nijograd police.
So, we started a citizens tribunal and
after a while uh it it became obvious
which police we could trust and and
which connections uh in the prosecutor's
office were really interested and
eventually they began working with the
tribunals. And the tribunals then uh
actually felt quite a bit of of power in
in kind of an odd way. I don't know if
that happened to in other groups that
you worked with, but we'd be able to
report um directly to the Russian
regional prosecutor who would then
investigate.
So, I mean the uh so out of nowhere,
citizens groups created this powerful
investigative force that worked directly
with the prosecutors who were grateful
for the information. And it and it was a
everybody knew the tribunals themselves
had no real power but the prosecutors
had all the power and if the prosecutors
uh responded to the information then
then that gave the tribunals protection.
So um it was very effective. They're
still doing it
and that all came from Kevin's work.
That's really gratifying. makes me feel
very happy inside to hear that to know
that it had that because um one of the
advantages you have there in that part
of the world is you don't have to reach
as much of the Catholic Church which is
behind a lot of this stuff and control
so much of the political and police
system and and the judiciary in America,
North America and Western Europe. They
blocked us continually on this stuff.
Um, I mean, I was just talking this last
week to there's a common law rights
group in Texas and they've been using my
manual to try to investigate, you know,
judges corruption. The farmers in South
Dakota did the same thing. Local corrupt
judges were getting together with the
banks and the mortgage companies and
foreclosing on farmers illegally. They
tried to set up a court to deal with
that. The next thing they knew, there
were three top ladies who were in prison
in Duth just arrested this. The group in
Texas was just broken up. Their top
leaders were given, believe this or not,
a 100red years in prison because they
you get automatically 25 years sentence
for failure to appear in court. Like
that's a misdemeanor and you go to jail
for 25 years for it. This guy got a
100redyear sentence because they're
targeting people who are talking basics
about people have the right to take the
law into their own hands when the
existing system is complicit in these
crimes. Right. And um one of the reasons
it's being fueled in America is the huge
growth in the private prison industry
where they like the present uh attorney
general in Washington, Pam Bondi, is a
former lobbyist for this thing called
GEO, GEO, which is a private prison
corporation. They uh criminalize
misdemeanors. They make it easy to stick
people away for life in prison and
generate a lot of profits for these
people, right? And it's a slave trait
today. It's it's and it says in the 13th
amendment actually slavery was abolished
except for uh crimes committed of which
you're being duly convicted. So in other
words, slavery still legally exists in
American prisons. It's why the prison
population keeps growing. So in and and
you know a lot of this can be attributed
to the whole culture setup when that
notion of absolute monarchy whether it's
in the British crown in Canada or the
the papacy in Rome one person's word
like writing executive orders in
Washington all the time but one person's
word becomes law. Well, the reason the
American Revolution happened was against
that against arbitrary government that
said we do not we are not obligated to
obey any law in which we haven't had a
say through our representatives or
through the courts or whatever. So in
that climate, it's so stifling to get
this stuff out. And that's when you talk
about Russia and areas I know the areas
where I've got the best receptions are
places like Serbia.
One time I went there and there wasn't
that atmosphere of being watched and
being intimidated and like that I get in
North American, Western Europe. So I
don't know. I don't want to put it all
on that, but that's a big factor now in
getting people outside what you're
talking about overcoming this culture of
fear and intimidation and overt
repression that's happening now like in
it's really what's become a police state
in the west, right?
Well, the situation in Russia, I was
there when the Soviet Union collapsed.
So, they collapsed and and the corrupt
institutions, everything fell. Nothing
was working.
Millions of people died because of the
failure of the medical system, the the
food distribution system. Heating went
out. I mean, it was it was a
catastrophe. So, so I was there at that
moment and I think God put me there at
that moment when uh Russia was
rebuilding and and casting off all the
all the former uh systems that didn't
work and looking for new ones. So um uh
the citizens tribunal they were open for
that they they needed some structure. So
as as Russia rebuilt from nothing this
became part of it and it's and it's
still part of it. So um but that and
that was a unique period of time and I
think uh I've been fortunate God has
placed me in places where a tipping
point occurred and I know Kevin in your
work I've seen this with what you've
done you you're there for that tipping
point
at at a time when one person shouldn't
have made a huge change but when all the
situation when all the tipping balances
are just right that happens and that's
That's God. That's um
that's I'm grateful for having been in
those places at that time, those times,
but that's that's God's doing. Uh I
could never have planned that. And
that's neat that both of you did
experience that. You know, I think that
that can apply for anything. I forget
the exact quote, but there's something
I've read before about, you know,
overnight success happening 10 years
into the venture. You know, you can go
so long and it's like just this trudging
through the mud and then all of a
sudden, like you said, Juliet, all the
stars align. You're there in that
moment. All the work that you did to
prep where you were just trudging all of
a sudden comes into play and you're the
one there that can help push that
snowball, you know, up the mountain and
get it really rolling and, you know, get
it just pushed all the way up the the
hill when before it was just stuck. So,
it is really neat to see that in both of
your journeys. And when you when you
talk to people earlier the question was
about how do you get people activated
who haven't had that experience like in
the art of war su calls it theqi like
that he says whoever grasps the chi of a
battle will determine the outcome no
matter how small they are so grasping
it's the essential energy of a moment
like the alignment that Julius talking
about the tipping point he says like
bionology how does a squirrel cross a
river on a log it's not because m3 it's
their temporary combination
And life is like that. There are these
temporary moments where if you strike at
that moment, you have a influence way
beyond your numbers. And you know that
that should send out like when we force
Ratzinger to resign in 2013. All of this
stuff coming together at that key
moment. Suddenly common law groups
spread up all over the world because
people are realizing, hey, this works,
right? Like Juliet's experience in
Russia. Okay, it works. Therefore, let's
keep going. And the system fogs that and
erases it off the internet and
disparages us. But so what? It's worked.
And that gets Goliath really worrying
here. You know, unless somebody comes
along with another sling, right?
Yeah. There's there's a uh one of my
favorite Russian authors is Mikuel
Bulgakov and he wrote the master in
Margarita which is the most famous story
play uh in in Russia about uh God's
relationship to man and and uh he has a
quote everyone was burning his
manuscripts and uh he was completely
repressed suppressed uh blocked he
couldn't get out of the country to get
is he was in kidney failure. He couldn't
get any treatment and he said it doesn't
matter. Manuscripts don't burn.
So here we are. He's the most widely
read author now in the Russian language
countries and his manuscripts did not
burn. So like your videos, Emma, they
didn't burn. They couldn't take them
down. They didn't they didn't die. They
will continue.
100%. Yeah. and you know watching
journeys like yours and others who have
gone through the mud like you guys have
and just kept going that that really
keeps me going on my own journey when
things do happen when I have setbacks if
I get terminated off of a platform if I
get all this hate coming my way you know
it's like it's just not time yet but the
time will come to where that doesn't
happen and where people will actually be
upset that there's people bullying
survivors and advocates targeting them
coming after them taking their content
off uh the internet but yet leaving all
of this child exploitation material up
there. You know, sometimes you realize
you're you're sort of before your time
with that and that that that in itself
can be kind of a revelation to keep
going too to just sort of have that that
reckoning. But to have people like you
to look at and to see that in your own
journeys that gosh, you know, some
people might only recognize you guys
from the highlights of of what you've
accomplished, not realizing all the
years of work and dedication that came
before that great accomplishment or that
big feat or that win, you know, and it's
just so inspiring to see.
Yeah. I mean, I'm People keep asking,
why aren't you on Wikipedia?
and and uh but it's become an
opportunity for me now to tell people
why I'm not on Wikipedia and how um how
the reason I'm not on Wikipedia is I was
running an organization that rescued
child trafficking victims and I was an
outspoken crit critic of of the
government including our government on
child trafficking and that got me
permanently banned from Wikipedia.
Really? The government can ban you from
Wikipedia. Yes, they can. So, it's a
it's um it's another front. So, there
there you are. I mean, I I'll probably
never get back on Wikipedia, but I don't
care.
Well, I'm surprised whenever we're on
YouTube. YouTube and Google are both
owned by Galaxos Smith Klein, the big
pharma corporation in Britain. And you
know, any anytime you put up anything,
boom, it's off. And they accuse you of
medical misinformation.
You know, it's like the pot calling the
kettle black, right?
Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Yeah. They
demonetize
everything that I'm ever on, I think. Um
Mhm.
But it doesn't stop people from watching
it, and that's that's the no
important thing. But it keeps me off the
broadcast that that uh people just want
to profit from.
Um,
well, it's a badge of honor, so word
pro.
And people seek that now when they hear,
oh, this person's video got deleted or
this person's constantly censored. Now
there's like an allore where people are
like, I need to know what what they say,
you know, because obviously other people
are up getting millions of views for
saying the opposite. So what is this
person saying to get kicked off? So now
it's I think people are going to start
getting outraged at that and and mad
that people spreading disinformation on
different podcasts and discrediting
survivors and profiting off of it
getting millions of views on these
podcasts having you know MK Ultra
experts. I saw a podcast recently that
had an expert on it from M. Keltra and
his whole presentation on the podcast
was to basically say MKLtra was an adult
program of consenting adults that were
sort of taken advantage of and given
drugs. No children were involved. The
survivors that say that they were in it
are conspiracy theories. And it's a very
very popular podcast, The Julian Dory
Show. um had an expert who writes books
on multra yet spends his time
discrediting survivors and Julian's
profiting off of it. And so you think of
and so is this, you know, this this
guest, this author. And so I think that
that the tide is going to start turning
even more and people are going to start
turning away from that and saying that's
wrong. You know, I need to listen to the
people that are actually that have
actually experienced it and are fighting
it uh you know, head first and uh that
are getting censored and not resourced
and not paid for their work. You know,
you look at somebody like Kevin who had,
you know, a quarter of a million dollars
thrown at censoring him. You know, why
would they do that for one man who's not
profiting? He's not making any money off
of this. No fame, no glory. His life
isn't any It's not this, you know,
picture perfect uh life that he's living
because he spoke up about this. You too,
Juliet, you you risked everything. you
had a successful career already and
walked away from it to do the right
thing, you know, and I think people are
going to start appreciating that more
and more as time goes on, you know. And
one thing I wanted to ask you both on
this topic, what have you learned about
yourselves going through this for
decades and facing these different
trials and tribulations head on and your
continuation of not giving up your
relentless drive to do the right thing?
What did you learn about yourself in the
process?
Go ahead, Jolene.
that I'm a I'm a a dogged, determined,
bulldog, mastiff,
never stops fighting,
um,
obsessive, perfectionistic,
uh,
and and smarter than most people, I have
to say, being able to pull things
together and and,
put dots together and come up with
concepts and take the concepts and and
then put them into action. So, I'd say
uh my greatest gift is being able to
absorb um process and then and then put
what I've learned into action into
direct action. And uh I've been able to
teach a lot of people how to do that,
how to uh take what you learn and use it
because that's and that's what thinking
for yourself is. That's that's uh having
having uh faith in your own perceptions,
conclusions and then taking the actions
without fear. Give up fear. Fear is
completely useless. Caution is good.
Fear is bad. Fear is is useless.
Kevin,
well, you know, I always knew I was even
from a young age, I couldn't stand there
and watch some kid get beaten up in the
school.
I always had an in an intense
feeling that it was being done to me
too. I couldn't stand by. I didn't see
feel myself apart from that. So, in a
way in the choices I made in life,
that's why I went to the ministry.
That's why I was a political activist
when I was a teenager. You know, I
always was drawn that way. So, that
helped. But then it's almost as if the
uni universe said, "Okay, you you you
think you're like that, Kevin. Okay,
we'll test you." Kind of like Job's
dilemma, right? The Bible say, "Okay,
we're going to throw you in the deep end
and see what happen. I'm going to strip
everything away from you and see if you
still hold to those beliefs." And that's
exactly I was tested in a huge way. And
I learned more about myself. It's like
seeing yourself grow. And I look back to
the way I was 30 years ago and I was so
much more naive and trusting
automatically in people. I felt I was a
bad person if they didn't trust people
unconditionally.
And I had to learn not lose your heart
but uh you know grow in understanding
and a discipline that I didn't have
before because I knew okay this is a
serious battle here and it's to the
death and it isn't an abstract idea
anymore that society should be
different. It requires every moment,
every ounce of your courage and will and
love and devotion, right? And that's
what I learned. And I had to become
that, right? And I'm thankful for it
all. Even when it stripped my daughters
away from me and all that horrible
bursting part of your heart, I realized,
oh, okay, my heart's been broken, but
it's grown a bit. Oh, okay. So, you
know, you keep growing, you keep
changing once you're on, you know, the
right road, and you just have to stay on
the road. So I I mean I learned all
that. I also learned how vulnerable I am
at an emotional level. That's why I have
such hard shields because I am so
sensitive and especially when people are
all around me drop away all the time
including starting with my loved ones
all of them gone you know and you know
reading scripture and hearing advice
from people doesn't get you through the
long nights alone. There's you discover
an inner quality you didn't know you had
and it can only come from within. So,
I'm thankful that I learned all that and
I'm just glad I'm still alive to see the
kind of the fruit of this. So, I hope
that's an inspiration for people who are
facing their own dark nights that you
see the stars when it's dark.
I used to my daughter Elellanena would
always get scared of the dark and I'd
take her outside and show her the night
sky. talk about the stars and other
universes say see it's really the
darkest character holds mystery and
beauty right
including ourselves that darkness right
anyway
I I want to add one thing that I think
is really important for women is that I
I had to stop caring
how people looked at me or judged me or
or criticized me I mean as a woman
you're you're criticized for how you
look, how you dress, you know, are you
too fat, are you too thin, all the stuff
that that sort of a, you know, controls
your society around me. And and I had to
just stop giving a damn. And and um I
did eventually
and I don't think I look much different.
I don't think much changed. But but uh I
don't care what people think or say. And
uh so that got me through all the
negative comments on YouTube and and uh
and actually there was have been
surprisingly few which uh surprised me.
Well, you know what, Juliet, that's a
really important point because smear
campaigns help us in the long run.
They're designed to knock you out
quickly, get rid of all your support,
but then people go, "Why are they still
going on about Juliet and Kevin all
those years later?" Unless they're
worried about them, why would they hang
in there like this? Unless they were on
to the truth, right? So, you know, it's
like uh PT Barnum said, "I don't care
what you say about me. Just don't spell
my name wrong."
Right? It's good publicity.
Love that.
Bring it on people. Good. Let's keep
hearing my name everywhere. You know,
that's how they learn these things,
right? People have never heard of us,
right?
And because of your selflessness in
doing this and in having a mission
that's so much bigger than both of you,
I think that's also helped you both
endure that because people can attack
your character as much as they want and
they can try to assassinate your
character and put some of your
campaigns, but they can't prove your
work wrong. You know, they come and
attack you as a person. Juliet, you're
too aggressive. Look how you're
dressing, you know, blah blah blah. And
then Kevin, you know, he's a conspiracy
theorist and he's lying and, you know,
all this different stuff. But they
attack you as as a person, but not the
work that you do. And I think that
that's also very validating when you can
separate that and realize they can't
they can't attack my mission because
they know it's right. The only thing
that they can do is try to nitpick me,
you know, and and that's great because
my mission is not about me. So nitpick
me all you want because what I'm doing
is bigger than me. It's about all these
other people. And you know, it's just
really great to see how how you both
endured this and to learn from you,
learn from you both. And before we close
up today, we'll have to do this again
because this time just flew today, but I
wanted to give both of you just a quick
opportunity to share where people can
get your work at because you've detailed
a lot of what we're talking about today
in books and in various projects that
you've done. So, Juliet, do you want to
share where people can connect with you
and get your books?
Yeah, you can go to my website. Are you
going to show the the website? So, it's
it's www.juladingle.com.
I've got three books up there. And uh if
you just um Google my name, you'll find
all kinds of podcasts and broadcasts and
and uh things things that I've done
through the years. And it's uh I've
really only been uh broadcasting for for
three years. I was in Russia before
that. And uh so that's how you can get
me. There I am. Those are my books.
Um, well,
murderbydecree.com,
that's the main one, you know, as we've
talked about on previous uh interviews,
links to unfortunately I'm still using
Amazon, which I'd rather not do, but you
can see all my books up there. Um,
and just a flag for folks and I hope to
meet up with both of you when I'm down
in soon in the States on the speaking
tour and then over to Europe to help
with a court case against uh Bob Pvost,
President Bishop of Rome. Um, so we'll
be that that's going to be happening
during August and September. So please
contact me. I think the contact info is
there as well and set up little
gatherings. It' be great.
And you also have your Republic of
Canada website
documentary unrepentant. I also aired
this on my channel also. I'll link the
original link, but you guys can also
find that on our movie night on um my
podcast. I aired this as well. Fantastic
documentary to learn more about Kevin's
work. Um and then also he hosts his own
radio show um on
bbsradio.com
tomorrow. Yeah. radio freaking come out.
And so you guys can follow Kevin and
obviously you guys can Google Kevin too
and tons of podcasts come up. He's been
a regular on the Sean Atwood show which
is huge has done some amazing podcasts
on there as well as others. Juliet was
just on the Jimmy the Jimmy Dory show
which is a huge deal also. So, it's
really neat to see these bigger creators
starting to listen to survivors, you
know, and not just give their platform
to these sort of political activists
and, you know, people who kind of uh
muddy the waters by discrediting, you
know, these false memory people and
people speaking over you. It's really
neat to finally see you guys being able
to have a voice. So, I'm going to have
all of that in the show notes for you
guys. Did you guys want to close out
with anything or do you guys have
anything else that you wanted to say
quick?
No, just thank you both. Just great
being with you both and hope we can do
it again.
No fear.
I love that. And yes, I hope we can do
it again, too. This is really great. I
still can't believe the time flew by so
fast. So, hopefully you guys got as much
out of this as I did. Um, please share
this episode. This information can be so
valuable. A lot of us really do care and
want to do something and we're sort of
lacking that inspiration or even
overcoming the the mind control that we
all have even if we didn't go through
what Juliet did. You know, like she said
earlier, there's just a mass mind
control operation over the whole public
and a lot of us haven't broken out of
that, but it is possible. And Kevin and
I just did an episode on that recently
on sort of mass mind control. You guys
can listen to as well. Fantastic
episode. Um, and and I hope that you
guys look at these two as inspirations
to to take action, you know, to take
your words and to put it into action.
Um, we'll have them on again. This was
really great, you guys. I'll have all
their links in the show notes. Thank you
both dearly and and sincerely for all
the work that that you've done over
these years for not giving up. I know
that your work is going to stand the
test of time and it's going to be
recognized for generations to come and
the snowball is starting to roll because
of all the work that you have both done.
So, um, if you guys could share this
episode, like I said, connect with us.
I'll have all my links in the show notes
as well. We couldn't do this without you
guys. Thank you so much for listening.
God bless you all and we will see you
next